Agenda for 11/21 Meeting with Jaya and Carolyn

1. Go over any flaws in the MVP that the TAs noticed.
2. Talk about the features we discussed in our earlier meeting this week and about how feasible/necessary they are.
3. Ask how significantly we have to modify the design doc for this upcoming final submission.
